# Group 33 Standups
## 11/09/22

### Elise
Yesterday I met with Clarissa and we outlined which parts of the weekly calendar we're implementing this sprint and how we're going to work together to do that. 
Today, I'm going to get as much of the javascript done as possible.

### Sash
Yesterday I worked with Sky and Dean to implement the basic functionality of the monthly calendar. We coded the HTML and JS components of the feature. Today, I will style the calendar along with Sky to make it look more appealing as per our standards.

### Clarissa
Yesterday I met with Elise to divide tasks for the weekly calendar. Today I’ll work on implementing the html/css part of the weekly schedule.

### Bradley
Yesterday I researched testing and documentation tools for JavaScript. Today I cleaned some test files from the repo, and will continue to research automating testing.

### Sky
Yesterday I worked with Sashwat and Dean to implement the basic functionality of the monthly calendar. We coded the HTML and JS components of the feature. Today, I will style the calendar along with Sashwat to make it look more appealing as per our standards.

### River
Yesterday I worked on html basic of add task page and task list page. Today I will be meeting with Shasta to discuss about the implementation and structure, also code in javascript.

### Dean
Yesterday I worked with Sashwat and Sky to implement the basic functionality of the monthly calendar. Today I have finished the javascript implementation of the monthly calendar. I'll upload the monthly calendar js file to the GitHub repo.

### Steven
Yesterday, I looked into testing for JavaScript to help Bradley. Today, I looked further into examples for the tool we chose so I would have a better idea of how to approach creating the tests for the future.

### Shasta
Today, River and I met up to synchronize our "Current Tasks" + "Add Tasks" page. We have a prototype page up and running which allows users to input tasks, which are stored locally and displayed below. The user's name can be inputted at the top and that is also stored locally.