# Group 33 Standup
## 10/14/22

### Elise
Over the weekend I got all the functions stubbed out for the weekly calendar and began to start implementation for displaying tasks. Today I’ve been unable to do any schoolwork as I’ve been bedridden thanks to a stomach bug

### Sash
Today I plan on going over all the components and try making initial cross-functionality between them. I also will upload a couple of tests specifically based on the components we have built.

### Shasta
Over the weekend and as shown in the sprint review meeting, River and I continued developing the Add Tasks + Current Tasks display page. We incorporated Ananya's input and have locally stored task objects. Today, planning on meeting up with Sky and River to ensure our cross-implementation will be smooth and everyone is on the same page. Going to work on splitting up our section into 2 pages and improve styling.

### Sky
Today I plan to work on displaying tasks on monthly calender

### Steven
Over the weekend, I worked with Bradley to decide what we plan to add to the pipeline this week, as well as update the group with our progress. Today, I will begin to look into deployment for our application.

### Clarissa 
Today I was looking at ideas for the header in the weekly calendar, and also I will look over the monthly calendar html to see how we can implement some styling and share ideas with Sashwat and River tomorrow.

### Dean
Today I have established some interfaces to help Link Weekly Calendar based on the day clicked on the Month

### Bradley 
Today I looked into deployment and integrating it into the pipeline



