# Group 33 Standup
## 11/17/22

### Elise
Today I finished JS implementation of populating weekly calendar header as well as rough implementation of populating tasks onto the weekly calendar. I'll sync with Clarissa later to connect her new HTML file with the JS functions, and with rest of team to work on our schedule() implementation so we can start correctly scheduling tasks.

### Sash
Today I met with the entire team to figure out how we will implement our schedule algorithm for the application. We also combined our components today and hope to have a working product by Sunday!

### Clarissa
Met with team to work on styling. 

### Bradley
Today I looked more into electron js and it seems like it's easy enough for us implement it, localstorage does work but it might cause us problems later, so will continue looking into different solutions

### Sky
Today I implemented display tasks on monthly calender, and change colors based on category.

### River
I discussed some implementation of the task.js and I will work on it more tomorrow, planning to meet tomorrow also.

### Dean
Today I met with the team to figure out how we will implement our schedule algorithm for the application. We also combined our components today and improved our design of Task object.

### Steven
Today, I did not do anything to contribute to the project due to prior engagements.

### Shasta
Today discussed implementation of scheduling algorithm and adjustment of task objects. Planning on meeting again tmrw with Sky, River, and Dean to discuss specifics further and begin joining components. Going to focus on saving task objects to local storage first, followed by generation the scheduling algorithm. For the sake of getting some testing/output for our video on Sunday, will begin scheduling with "tomorrow" in relation to "today" when adding the first task. Will just slot it in at midnight and continue sequentially adding the following tasks with their corresponding durations.