# Group 33 Standup
## 11/10/22

### Elise
Today I'm going to use Sky's new code to work on displaying tasks from local storage on the weekly calendar.

### Sash
Today I will continue to figure out styling features our application. I will also continue to implement cross-functionality between the components and try to see how we could implement our optimization feature depending on our time constraints and resources.

### Shasta
Yesterday, met up with Sky and River to synchronize new Task.js implementation. Discussed uid generation, varying user input info, and other shared content across Add Tasks -> Monthly Calendar features. Planning on meeting up with River today and working on finalizing Add Task page. Going to make clickable objects/collapsibles in the Current Tasks display through which the user can access the detailed information, edit, and even delete a task.

### Sky
Yesterday, met up with Shasta and River to synchronize new Task.js implementation. Discussed uid generation, varying user input info, and other shared content across Add Tasks -> Monthly Calendar features. 

### Bradley
Today I’m continuing research into deployment methods

### Steven
Today, I also continued to look into deployment, but I did not spend a lot of time on it due to other commitments.

### Clarissa
I am almost done refactoring the code to get rid of the div’s repetitions using JS. I had a busy day, so i didn’t have much improvement

### River
Today I meet with Sashwat and Shasta to further implement add task, added a few features and is working on import and using Sky’s implementation of the task object

### Dean
Today I successfully connected three parts of our project together.
