# Group 33 Standup
## 11/10/22

### Elise
Today I will work on implementing weekly calendar functionality, specifically grabbing pre-existing tasks from storage and displaying them correctly. I'm also meeting with Clarissa to further discuss header and styling implementation and will sync up with the entire team tonight.

### Sash
Today I will meet with Clarissa and River to discuss styling features that will be shared between our components.

### Clarissa
Today I met with Elise to discuss some features of the weekly calendar and I will meet with River and Sashwat to discuss the styling.

### Bradley
Today I continued my research into electron.js.

### Sky
Today I worked on task.js file most of the helper function is done.

### River
Yesterday I worked on a bit of the styling on our css file, today I’m planning to meet with Shasta and Sky to discuss the following steps of implementing our code, also meeting with Sashwat and Clarissa to discuss styling features.

### Dean
Today I established the connections between Current Page and Monthly Calendar, will try to connect two calendars.

### Steven
Today, I started looking into electron.js, as suggested by Bradley on Sunday.

### Shasta
Today planning on continuing development of the Current Tasks display page. Want to particularly implement the "Name" + "Deadline" and allow user to click on objects to open up more detailed information. Continued styling will be a part of this. Hope to meet up with River, Sky, and perhaps Sash + Clarissa to synchronize our shared components.