# Group 33 Standup
## 11/10/22

### Elise
Yesterday I worked on the js for the weekly calendar page. Today, Clarissa and I are meeting to finalize a first version of the weekly calendar page.

### Sash
Yesterday we finalized out JavaScript and HTML implementation of the calendar. Along with it, I was also able to do some basic styling for the calendar. Today, I will finalize my style and present it to Sky and Dean to finalize on the calendar.

### Clarissa
Yesterday I create different html/css files for the weekly calendar. Today I met with Elise to decide which option looks better and I’m planning to clean the code and share with her to connect with the JS.

### Bradley
Today I was busy with work for other classes today so not much progress, but Steven and I planned out time tomorrow to work on the repo and pipeline.

### Sky
I researched a bit on electronJS so if we decided to convert this to stand-alone app it's pretty ez.

### River
Yesterday me and Shasta worked on the structure of add task page and task list page, today we will continue updating features, adding more input boxes to the form to fit different tasks according to Ananya’s feedback, change some type input boxes so it’s more convenient for users, also discuss styling and next steps.

### Dean
Today I gonna add more features that can assist in establishing the connection between the monthly calendar and the weekly calendar to the js file.

### Steven
Today, I reviewed the current issues with the pipeline to prepare for tomorrow's work session with Bradley.

### Shasta
Today, I'm planning on regrouping with River to discuss Ananya's input (still waiting on more feedback from her via Slack). Implementing the dropdown menu for duration, adding more user input sections, changing the labels, and adding style are all next steps.