# Group 33 Standup
## 11/10/22

### Elise
Today I got weekly calendar duration functionality working and also debugged user input so user inputted tasks populate onto the weekly calendar correctly. Also worked on integrating new HTML and header with the weekly javascript.

### Sash
Today I cleaned up the repo and plan on working on adding test suites for our application to work with. I will also be debugging the schedule algorithm today and work on improving the UI of the different components of our project.

### Clarissa
Today I plan on working on the header navigation, and improve the UI of the application for the video tomorrow.

### Bradley
Today I will work on writing tests for skyTasks.js to be used as an example of how testing should look like.

### Sky

Today i will continue to debug the scheduling algro, and if that's done, to implement a new way to store padding so that recurence padding can be used.

### River
Yesterday meet with shasta and sky to work on the scheduling algorithm, today I want to help with debugging the algorithm and work more on coming up with tests, and adjusting add task page as Ananya suggested.

### Dean
Today I gonna figure out how scheduling algorithm works and write more test cases for it.

### Steven
Today, I reviewed information about electron.js to prepare for working on deployment with Bradley this week.

### Shasta
Today going to continue debugging scheduling algorithm. Found specialized error case when "sandwiching" a task in between two paddings. Implement more test cases and adapt task list display to show form element.