# Group 33 Standup
## 11/10/22

### Elise
Today I worked on a small bug in the weekly header involving weeks with two months. Also worked on weekly tab uniform header functionality so current week always populates. Lastly added some unit tests for weekly functionality as well.

### Sash
Today I reviewed the interface of our application and listed different features that could help enhance the UI of our project. I also continued testing the schedule algorithm and determined how to optimize tasks based on their deadline, priority and difficulty. I am still working on adding unit tests for the monthly functionality.

### Clarissa
Today I worked on understanding the code of the application, and I am working on displaying different colors for the tasks in the weekly calendar depending on their selected category.

### Bradley


### Sky
Over the weekend i will try to make sure the padding is working without bugs and automatically generate padding based on user sleeping schedule. Today I fixed a bug in scheduling where task_need_schedule does not return based on ddl, but start_date. Helper function gettaskfromddl() along with gettaskbetweenddl() is added. Split task helper method is implemented. Monthly calender no longer display paddings. Scheduling now implement a slightly advanced sorting which looks at DDL, softDDL, priority and difficulty.

### River
Today I’ll be working on styling the css for add task more, would try to make the popup window and display layout, also making each task appearing in a box instead of the plaintext we have right now. Also writing tests on the recursive padding algo.

### Dean
Today I wrote more specific inline comments and headers for the month.js. Over the weekend I will try to create more test cases for recursive paddings.

### Steven
Today I reviewed the current steps implemented for electron.js made earlier by Bradley for when we work together on the next steps for deployment later this weekend.

### Shasta
Met with River earlier to discuss some of Ananya's input and continue to develop the Add Tasks/Display page. Prioritizing UI elements as per Ananya's request. Adding a toggle button which alters the form displayed below:
1) either user inputs task info to be scheduled using our algorithm using priority, deadline, difficulty,etc.
2) user wants to schedule a particular slot of time themselves (then only name, duration, and start time are needed)
Will continue to work on task display but seems like Ananya wants overall better intuition for user experience.