# Group 33 Standup
## 11/29/22

### Elise
Today I fixed a bug in weekly calendar padding so that all recurring padding now displays correctly.

### Sash
Today, I looked over our entire application and reviewed what stuff we will have to fix prior to our first potential deployment on Thursday.

### Clarissa
Today I did more research on modals for the tasks, I implemented some in my local folder. I am having some issues displaying the pop-up window. I am working on figure out how to overcome this issue.

### Bradley
Today I met with Steven to make the phase1 pipeline video that was needed for submission.

### Sky
Over the weekend i will try to make sure the padding is working without bugs and automatically generate padding based on user sleeping schedule. Today I fixed a bug in scheduling where task_need_schedule does not return based on ddl, but start_date. Helper function gettaskfromddl() along with gettaskbetweenddl() is added. Split task helper method is implemented. Monthly calender no longer display paddings. Scheduling now implement a slightly advanced sorting which looks at DDL, softDDL, priority and difficulty.

### River
Today I will keep on working to improve the UI for add task page.

### Dean
Today, I looked over our entire application, made some suggestions for user input, and revised the difficulty comparison between the tasks.

### Steven
Today, I met with Bradley to work on work on the components necessary for the CI/CD pipeline phase 1 submission due tonight.

### Shasta
Today the focus going to stay on adapting Add Task page UI to include modal containers. Implementing adjusted input for the morning/noon/evening paddings (want to have small user input section right below "add task" button. 