# Group 33 Standup
## 11/28/22

### Elise
Worked on condensing weekly calendar code and displaying paddings along with different colors for different tasks.

### Sash
Today I reviewed the new scheduling algorithm and tested it to ensure it works properly, I also looked at the repo and cleaned it up. Will work on Testing as well, and have developed ideas for UI features that we can work with.

### Clarissa
I reviewed the code and did some color changes on weekly using Elise implementation. I met with Shasta and River today to see how I can help them out. I will do some research on modals.

### Bradley
Today I transferred the build script from the testing repo into our main repo.

### Sky
Today i fixed multiple bugs in scheduling algorithm.

### River
I met with Shasta and Clarissa to discuss how add task should look, which features to add to the task list display, and divided up our tasks.

### Dean
Today I reviewed the new scheduling algorithm with Sashwat, elise, and sky. We figured out how the new recurrent paddings should be displayed on the Weekly Calendar. Will find more edge cases to test the scheduling algorithm.

### Steven
Today, I reviewed the additions me and Bradley need to make to the Phase 1 CI/CD pipeline diagram and reviewed recent changes to the code.

### Shasta
Today planning on updating UI to add task/ display page. Looking into usage of modal containers to create popup that includes respective form type. Want to continue testing the scheduling algorithm and ensuring proper task displays appear on weekly.