# Group 33 Standup
## 11/10/22

### Elise
Today I got weekly header functionality fully working so that it always populates correctly from the monthly calendar, from any day pressed in any month/year. I also got the task functionality working for every week so any week clicked on monthly will take user to weekly with populated tasks corresponding to that week.

### Sash
Today I worked on testing the schedule algorithm with varying inputs and padding. I also attempted to make cross-functionality work between the weekly and monthly calendar in terms of displaying the right week and going back to the same month. I also improved on the entire UI of our application with all subgroups. Currently working on making test cases for JEST.

### Clarissa
Today I created one possible header for the application and linked all the html pages on it. I pushed the changes and I plan on showing/discuss other possible options tonight.

### Bradley
Today I hit a wall with testing due to jest's testing environment, although I believe I've found some fixes for now. I also worked on adding the ability to package our app with electron locally.

### Sky
Today I implemented delete task and clear task.

### River
Today I’m working with Shasta to improve css for our add task page, planning to change the display of the task object, and am really struggling with adding a popup window to display further content.

### Dean
Today I wrote some test cases for the scheduling algorithm with inputs and padding. I also tried to improve the display of tasks on the Monthly Calendar.

### Steven
Today, I plan to review the current progress and updates on the repo to begin working on unit testing with the others.

### Shasta
Going to continue testing/debugging the scheduling algorithm today. Looking into cleaning up some of the UI on the Add Tasks + Current Tasks section for video's sake. Will incorporate Ananya's input: Clarifying labels (include question mark hover thing), Sliders for Priorty and Difficulty input. Alter the display format of tasks -> editable form element (edit/delete capability).