# Group 33 Standup
## 11/30/22

### Elise
Today, I am going to work on unit testing specifically and add as many unit tests as possible for the weekly calendar. I'll also get started on end-to-end testing for the weekly calendar as well.

### Sash
Today I've been working on creating unit tests for the monthly calendar as well as the skyTasks.js file. Will also test the new implementation that was made in the schedule algorithm.

### Clarissa
Today I’ll meet with Shasta and River to discuss the display of the cards and modals for the task page.

### Bradley
Today I will continue to look more into testing, specifically looking into end to end testing.

### Sky
Today i implement coloring base on category, and maek comments on methods in skyTask.js

### River
Today I will meet with Clarissa and Shasta to work on the modal popup for task list, and add task forms, I will also be writing some tests and work on the input for recursive padding.

### Dean
Today I made some new changes to the scheduling algorithm. The past algorithm can only sort and allocate the tasks based on the Deadline. The new algorithm can sort and allocate the tasks based on the following order: DDL > Priority > Difficulty. I will keep on writing new tests for the algorithm.

### Steven
Today I plan to work on writing unit tests.

### Shasta
Gonna work with River and Clarissa on modal adjustments for the add/tasks page and current tasks display. Want to make sure all UI is intuitive and clean and will work on unit tests.