# Group 33 Standup
## 12/02/22

### Elise
Today I fixed a bug for the weekly calendar so that the paddings display correctly.

### Sash
Today I worked on making more tests for the skyTasks.js file and will also start adding tests for currJS.js. Will work on fixing the edge case for recurrent padding where sleep time is past midnight, and will look for more bugs in our code.

### Clarissa
Yesterday, I worked on the task page layout, also did some changes on the tasks list display.
Today and this weekend, will work on the styling of tasks/modals and the general UI of the app.

### Bradley
Today I met with Steven to make the phase1 pipeline video that was needed for submission.

### Sky
Over the weekend i will try to make sure the padding is working without bugs and automatically generate padding based on user sleeping schedule. Today I fixed a bug in scheduling where task_need_schedule does not return based on ddl, but start_date. Helper function gettaskfromddl() along with gettaskbetweenddl() is added. Split task helper method is implemented. Monthly calender no longer display paddings. Scheduling now implement a slightly advanced sorting which looks at DDL, softDDL, priority and difficulty.

### River
Today I plan to work on adding tests for currJS, also maybe meeting with Clarissa to discuss about styling, and work on the set preference on add task page.

### Dean
I add more specific comments for Monthly calendar files.

### Steven
Today, I plan to start writing a few tests for currJS.test.js

### Shasta
Today the focus going to stay on adapting Add Task page UI to include modal containers. Implementing adjusted input for the morning/noon/evening paddings (want to have small user input section right below "add task" button. 