# Group 33 Standup
## 12/01/22

### Elise
Today I fixed a few bugs in the weekly calendar.

### Sash
Today I worked on generating unit tests for skyTasks. I also worked on what is stored in localStorage to be accessed by the tests as well as for paddings. Met with the whole team to gather progress and discuss steps moving forward.

### Clarissa
Yesterday, I worked on the task page layout, also did some changes on the tasks list display.
Today and this weekend, will work on the styling of tasks/modals and the general UI of the app.

### Bradley
Today I worked on fixing bugs with testing.

### Sky
Today I do more bug fixes.

### River
Yesterday I worked on showing the add task page modal, and debugged the issue where padding task is not correctly stored.

### Dean
Today I improved the display of split tasks in the monthly calendar. I also wrote some unit tests for the scheduling algorithm.

### Steven
Today I created the test file for the currJS file, and started to think about what tests to write.


### Shasta
Today I met with Sash to discuss unit testing specifics and Clarissa for some modal styling. Page now refreshes and closes modals when the Add Task Button is clicked. River and I made this "next steps priorities list" for our page that we will be following for the next few days:
Refresh User's Page when add task is clicked - DONE
Implement Recursive Padding Input
Don't show recursive paddings in Task Display
Styling of form modals and add task section
Adjust time input or round for scheduling particular slot (need to call setAsPadding()) for slotting
Styling of task display (working with Clarissa) 